Payment Policy
We know that you want to make payment for your order with ease; hence, we provide the following options and guidelines.
1.	Payment for order can be made via POS using your debit card, via electronic fund transfer or cash.
2.	While we often advise that you make payment via POS for ease of service, we appeal that you exercise patience if on some rare occasion we experience service downtime. In such an event, we advise that you use other payment options such as fund transfer or cash.
3.	Should a payment via POS decline and you are debited, we will advise you to repeat the payment using another payment option, while you call your bank to reverse the initial transaction.
4.	Using the transfer option, we take a minute or more to confirm transfer with the relevant officer(s), after which products are released to the customer.
5.	We accept cash; following CBN directive, we discard counterfeit note(s) received from the customer as we ask them to replace with actual notes or forfeit the value on the order.
6.	We advise that you double-count cash in the presence of the cashier as we will not refund “excess cash payment” reported by the customer after cash is put in the cash machine.
7.	In the rare occasion where we do not have change, the cashier can convert change to call credit which can be used by the customer.
8.	Sale-on-credit option is not available to walk-in/call-in/text-in customers or those who order via the app or other vendor channels.
9.	For card payments over the website or our app, we do not have access to customer card details as payments are made through verified third-party platforms. Commissions may apply.
10.	Except for outdoor services, we do not accept cheque payment for the cumbersomeness required to clear one, and we do not love to keep you waiting. However, issuance of dud cheque by the customer—on the condition for which we accept cheques—shall be reported to the relevant authorities for handling. 
11.	We strongly discourage customers from tipping our staff; we advise that you report any staff member who demands a tip from you.
12.	For error order and refund, kindly see our refund/return policy.
